setup.md, before:

# Set Up  
## Inviting the bot  
• Please visit [this page](https://discordbots.org/bots/Pinboard).  
• Click the invite button  
• Leave all permissions checked.   Review:  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [x] Send Messages  
- [x] Manage Messages  
- [x] Embed Links  
- [x] Manage Channels (optional)  
• Choose a server  
  
## After The Invite  
After the bot has joined your server, run `pin.check` to make sure Pinboard has all the permissions  
  
## The Pinboard Channel  
• Create a channel called `#pinboard`  
• I strongly suggest you have the following permissions for said channel:  
`@everyone`  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [ ] Send Messages  
  
`Pinboard`  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [x] Send Messages  
- [x] Embed Links  
  
## All Done!  
Run `pin.check` to make sure Pinboard can find the channel, then go on!  
Pin a message. You're done.  
  
# Additional Steps  
## FAQ  
### Cooldown?  
45 seconds.  
### Support server?  
On the Discord Bot List page.  
### Anything else?  
Report all bugs to me.  
  
## Contact Info  
Discord: SmartiePlays#5434  
GitHub: duh

Commit message:

This is the database update, for now
Custom cooldowns and unpin bug fix coming MUCH later because they are a pain to work with
why am i using javascript
somebody help me

setup.md, after:

# Set Up  
## Inviting the bot  
• Please visit [this page](https://discordbots.org/bots/Pinboard).  
• Click the invite button  
• Leave all permissions checked.   Review:  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [x] Send Messages  
- [x] Manage Messages  
- [x] Embed Links  
- [x] Manage Channels (optional)  
• Choose a server  
  
## After The Invite  
After the bot has joined your server, run `pin.check` to make sure Pinboard has all the permissions  
  
## The Pinboard Channel  
• Create a channel called `#pinboard`  
• I strongly suggest you have the following permissions for said channel:  
`@everyone`  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [ ] Send Messages  
  
`Pinboard`  
- [x] Read Messages  
- [x] Send Messages  
- [x] Embed Links  
  
# Database Update  
The new database update requires a little more than that...  
First, make sure everything is up-to-date by running `pin.dbstats`.  
If it's correct, you should have something like this:  
![Example](https://i.gyazo.com/eb408329f13326df9a3e40e2a1a4580b.png)  
Do you have that? If not, please report it.  
## Setting Up Your Database  
If you want to completely set up your database, you'll either need to be the owner or be an admin. Or just have the `Manage Server` permission. Any way works.  
### The Guild  
Ah yes, the mighty guild. It holds many members. It also doesn't need a lot when it comes to this database yay!  
The only guild-specific command is `pin.setping`. You'll need the `Manage Server` permission for this. The arguments are as follows:  
  
  * `everyone` - Ping everyone every time a pin is sent to the pinboard!  
  * `here` - Just ping here.  
  * `none` - Don't ping at all. Screw you, pings.  
  
## All Done!  
Run `pin.check` to make sure Pinboard can find the channel, then go on!  
Pin a message. You're done.  
  
# Additional Steps  
## FAQ  
### Cooldown?  
45 seconds.  
### Support server?  
On the Discord Bot List page.  
### Anything else?  
Report all bugs to me.  
  
## Contact Info  
Discord: SmartiePlays#5434  
GitHub: duh
